Document MSTEST0047 and the MSTest 4.3 analyzers (MSTEST0064-0068) (#54187)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/mstest-analyzers/mstest0067.md

---
title: "MSTEST0067: Avoid synchronously blocking calls in test code"
description: "Learn about code analysis rule MSTEST0067: Avoid synchronously blocking calls in test code"
ms.date: 06/04/2026
f1_keywords:
- MSTEST0067
- AvoidThreadSleepAndTaskWaitInTestsAnalyzer
helpviewer_keywords:
- AvoidThreadSleepAndTaskWaitInTestsAnalyzer
- MSTEST0067
author: Evangelink
ms.author: amauryleve
ai-usage: ai-assisted
dev_langs:
- CSharp
---
# MSTEST0067: Avoid synchronously blocking calls in test code

| Property                            | Value                                                                                    |

> |-------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reviewer: Seems like this table could be compacted.

Author: Done - compacted the table by removing the excess column padding in 5c86e6b162.

| **Title**                           | Avoid synchronously blocking calls in test code                                          |
| **Category**                        | Usage                                                                                    |
| **Fix is breaking or non-breaking** | Non-breaking                                                                             |
| **Enabled by default**              | No                                                                                       |
| **Default severity**                | Info                                                                                     |
| **Introduced in version**           | 4.3.0                                                                                    |
| **Is there a code fix**             | No                                                                                       |

> [!NOTE]
> This rule is available starting with MSTest 4.3. It's disabled by default. It's enabled as a warning when `<MSTestAnalysisMode>All</MSTestAnalysisMode>` is set.

## Cause

> Test code uses a synchronously blocking call such as <xref:System.Threading.Thread.Sleep%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>, <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task.Wait%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>, <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task.WaitAll%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>, <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task.WaitAny%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>, or <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task%601.Result?displayProperty=nameWithType>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test code uses a synchronously blocking call such as <xref:System.Threading.Thread.Sleep*?displayProperty=nameWithType>, <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task.Wait*?displayProperty=nameWithType>, <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task.WaitAll*?displayProperty=nameWithType>, <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task.WaitAny*?displayProperty=nameWithType>, or <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task`1.Result?displayProperty=nameWithType>.
```
